docs/source/requirements.rst, before:

Requirements Page
==================

1. View University Buildings on Interactive Map
------------------------------------------------
- Users can view university buildings on an interactive map.
- Priority is given to university buildings.

2. Distinguish University Buildings
-------------------------------------
- University buildings are distinguishable from non-university buildings.
- Users can filter between different types of buildings: Social, Nightlife, and Food.

3. View Supermarkets and Stores
-------------------------------
- Users can view supermarkets and stores on the interactive map.
- Student hotspots like supermarkets and grocery shops are highlighted.

4. Filter Displayed Buildings
------------------------------
- Users can filter displayed buildings on the map.
- Filtering options include: University, Social, Nightlife, and Food.

5. View Routes from Current Location
-------------------------------------
- Users can select and view routes to a building from their current GPS location.
- It would be useful to know the user's current location.

6. Switch Between Transport Modes
----------------------------------
- Users can switch between walking and bus as modes of transport.
- Include university bus routes if available.

7. Check Transport Availability
-------------------------------
- Users can see the availability of different modes of transport.
- Information includes uni bus timetables and e-scooter availability, kept updated for first years.

8. View Timetabled University Sessions
---------------------------------------
- Users can view their timetabled university sessions on a day-by-day basis within the app.
- Timetable functions as a window or tab alongside the map.

9. Sync Calendar with Google Maps
---------------------------------
- Implement compatibility with Google Calendar for ease of use.
- Users can sync their calendar with the app.

10. Estimate Travel Time
------------------------
- Users can see a rough estimate/range of times for travel from their current GPS location to their destination.

11. Switch Between City and Building Map
-----------------------------------------
- Users can switch between a city map and a building map.
- Helps users find specific rooms within university buildings.
- Selecting a building provides directions to the room.

12. Favorite Buildings
-----------------------
- Users can favorite buildings for quick access.
- Implement a favoriting system.

Commit message:

Note which user requirements are not yet implemented

docs/source/requirements.rst, after:

Requirements Page
==================

1. View University Buildings on Interactive Map
------------------------------------------------
- Users can view university buildings on an interactive map.
- Priority is given to university buildings.

2. Distinguish University Buildings
-------------------------------------
- University buildings are distinguishable from non-university buildings.
- Users can filter between different types of buildings: Social, Nightlife, and Food.

3. View Supermarkets and Stores
-------------------------------
- Users can view supermarkets and stores on the interactive map.
- Student hotspots like supermarkets and grocery shops are highlighted.

4. Filter Displayed Buildings
------------------------------
- Users can filter displayed buildings on the map.
- Filtering options include: University, Social, Nightlife, and Food.

5. View Routes from Current Location (not yet implemented)
-------------------------------------
- Users can select and view routes to a building from their current GPS location.
- It would be useful to know the user's current location.

6. Switch Between Transport Modes (not yet implemented)
----------------------------------
- Users can switch between walking and bus as modes of transport.
- Include university bus routes if available.

7. Check Transport Availability (not yet implemented)
-------------------------------
- Users can see the availability of different modes of transport.
- Information includes uni bus timetables and e-scooter availability, kept updated for first years.

8. View Timetabled University Sessions
---------------------------------------
- Users can view their timetabled university sessions on a day-by-day basis within the app.
- Timetable functions as a window or tab alongside the map.

9. Sync Calendar with Google Maps
---------------------------------
- Implement compatibility with Google Calendar for ease of use.
- Users can sync their calendar with the app.

10. Estimate Travel Time (not yet implemented)
------------------------
- Users can see a rough estimate/range of times for travel from their current GPS location to their destination.

11. Switch Between City and Building Map
-----------------------------------------
- Users can switch between a city map and a building map.
- Helps users find specific rooms within university buildings.
- Selecting a building provides directions to the room.

12. Favorite Buildings
-----------------------
- Users can favorite buildings for quick access.
- Implement a favoriting system.
